Begin: 3:57pm

Attendance: Mohammad, Riley, Charlie, Yosri, Mark, Jay

Notes:
    - Got everyone setup with the MAPS_API_KEY in local.properties
    - Talked about UI time consumption, save it for last, if nothing to do, do UI
    - Discussed Monster textures, randomized modules constructed into bitmaps for visual projection
    - "Fuckin" x1

    Old business:
        - Riley: Finished the map, fixed some things, created some general filtering, API key
        - Mark: Worked with Jay on the submission activity, also worked permissions. Github organization, did javadocs
        - Jay: Worked on more functionality for the submission activity, working on compression and types
        - Moh: Research and development
        - Charlie: Worked a bit on the Monster controller and API, and visual system.
        - Yosri: Finished the scorring system and is worked on the visual system. Planned other systems

    Reflection:
        - Working on a wide variety of tasks instead of specific focused tasks

    New business:
        - Riley: Going to do the leaderboard frontend and possibly work on all the functionality.
        - Mark: Going to work with Jay on submission, also going to help with UI both conversion and design changes.
        - Jay: Going to keep working on the submission activity.
        - Moh: Working on backend, controller creation, relations, tables, CRUD
        - Charlie: Get the visual system done, working on comments for monsters UI for monster viewing.
        - Yosri: Finish the systems and controllers and work on User class
        - Group: N/A

Meeting concluded: 4:27pm