# Lab Meetings #

## Febuary 14, 2023 ##

**Begin: 7:00pm**

Attendance: Everyone

Notes: 
* Discussed user stories and half way checkpoint
* We plan to do all of the user stories for the half way checkpoint
* Discussed the adittion of user stories
* Went through what we did last week and what we are doing for the upcoming week
    * Main completions: figma, story board, mockup, wiki, crc cards
    * Plans: UML, design

**End: 7:23pm**

***

## Febuary 28, 2023 ##

**Begin: 6:20pm**

Attendence: Everyone

Notes: 
* Discussed old business and new business
    * Main Completions: Scanning system, Naming system, UML, Camera, Connecting UI components, Documentation
    * Plans: Monster, VIsual, Naming, UI, Mock backend, Set up Real Database
* Discussed workload, efficiency, work division etc.
* Discussed problems:
    * Switching between activities
* Demo

**End: 6:45pm**

***

## March 7, 2023 ##

**Begin: 6:05pm**

Attendence: Everyone

Notes: 
* Discussed User stories completion (need to do half)
* Next lab session we will be doing a Demo
* Keep the project up to date when projects are done
* Discussed what we have done and we are going to do
    * Notable completions:
        1. Improving submission system (bitmap of photos), compression, decompression
        2. Completed the mapping system
        3. Scoring and Visual system
* Tips:
    1. Can store an image as a string in the database to avoid storeing files

**End: 6:25pm**

***

## March 14, 2023 ##

**Begin: 5:05pm**

Attendence: Everyone

Notes: 
* Went through the demo
* Discussed all completed user stories
* Talked about updating UML, Mockup etc

**End: 5:35pm**

## March 21, 2023 ##

**Begin: 5:10pm**

Attendence: Everyone

Notes: 
* Went over old business and new business
* Went over completed user stories
* Discussed testing and code coverage techniques
    * Working on more testing before using github actions
* Talked about class separation

**End: 5:25pm**

***

## March 28, 2023 ##

**Begin: 4:55pm**

Attendence: Everyone

Notes: 
* Discussed github actions
    * Got help figuring out how to make the action
    * Issues with gradle
* Discussed user story work division
* Discussed Old business and new business.

**End: 5:30pm**

# Group Meetings #

## Febuary 7, 2023 ##

**Begin: 2:45pm**

Attendance: Mohammad, Riley, Charlie, Yosri, Mark

Notes
* Discussing project part 2

Deliverables
1. Finished setting up the backlog, will add the user stories
    * Primary Assigned -> Yosri, Mark, Charlie, Extras

2. Got everyone up to date on storyboards
    * Primary Assigned -> Riley, Moh, Extras

3. Object Oriented Analysis
    * Primary Assigned -> Jay, Yosri, Extras

4. Tool use, general task for everyone to maintain the project

**End: 3:20pm**

***

## Febuary 12, 2023 ##

**Begin: 3:00 pm**

Attendance: Everyone

Notes
* Finished the CRC, Storyboard, and UI mockup

Deliverables

1. Finished the CRC
    * Done by Jay, Yosri

2. Finished the storyboard
    * Rough sketch done by Charlie
    * User stories done by Jay, Mark, Yosri
    * Flowchart done by Charlie, Mark

3. Finished the UI mockup
    * UI frames done by everyone
    * Descriptions and mockup page by Yosri

**End: 10:30 pm**

***

## Febuary 14, 2023 ##

**Begin: 2:50**

Attendance: Riley, Mark, Jay, Moh, Charlie, Yosri

Notes:
* Project P3
* Discussed the deliverables for project part 3
* Gathered a general summary on the required tasks
    * UML
    * Test Cases
        * General test case advantage and development
    * Backend
        * Possible need for indexing for quick search
        * CRUD model
    * Rough Front End
        * Look into converting the figma into XML
    * Sprint Planning
    * Source Control
        * Proper branch design and integration
* Moh discussed the API and possible patterns
* Discussed setting a code standard (look into java code standards)
* Talked about comment standards
    * Description of unique code
    * Input and outputs

Old business:
* Riley: Worked on the figma and created a baseline, gave input to how storyboard design and design tips
* Mark: Helped with the backlog, worked on the figma, adjusted the already designed frames
* Jay: Met with Yosri to do CRC cards, worked on the figma, and worked on the Wiki
* Moh: Discussed possible design and functions with the customer, got feedback and provided feedback on storyboard
* Charlie: Backlog with Mark, sketch with storyboard, helped design the flowchart, UI design, skeleton for work distribution
* Yosri: Worked with Jay to do CRC cards, also worked on the Wiki and backlog, made the mockup

Reflection:
* Unified team contribution
* Required collaboration and Meeting
* Get a head start, avoid time crunches
* Lack of coordination working on figma
* Primary work partners, accountability

New business:
* Riley: Work on constraints for the figma, layout structure etc, make sure its transferrable to code. Also work on firestore
* Mark: Work on user stories, backend connectivity
* Jay: Work on the scanning QR-code code base, score generation
* Moh: UML Emphasis
* Charlie: Player UML, interfacing with player, ex profile, other users, data viewing, information changing
* Yosri: UML, maybe work on database connections
* Group: UML design, division

**End: 3:57pm**

***

## Febuary 21, 2023 ##

**Begin: 2:05pm**

Attendance: Mohammad, Riley, Charlie, Yosri, Mark, Jay

Notes:
* Discussed the coding standards that Moh created for the entire project
    * Outlined variables, classes and mainly comments
* Talked about revising the UML and adding new stuff, possibly making a new one form scratch
* Class and UML naming standards
* Need to discuss Java version and API

Old business:
* Riley: Created the entire Activity skeleton, also finished the map, location and region objects
* Mark: Worked with Charlie to edit the UML diagram, worked on class objects interacting with activities
* Jay: Researching with camera, scanner, and coordinates, worked on the UML specifics as well
* Moh: Created the document that outlines our coding standards, researched setting up firestore
* Charlie: Worked with Mark on the UML, added some classea and features, renamed QRCodes to Monsters
* Yosri: Worked a bit on the UML, revised and added some comments / multiplicities

Reflection:
* No notable reflections

New business:
* Riley: Setup the App in git. Finish UML, and setting up the figma properly, and convert some of the storyboards to XML
* Mark: Work on the code for the camera activities and some kind of code skeleton
* Jay: Work on retrieving the info and packaging the attributes form the QRCode
* Moh: Initializing the database and the connection to the app, database interaction
* Charlie: Get the system for generating score and start working on the visual system, work on user API
* Yosri: Work on total UML revision, user Classes
* Group: 

**End: 2:30pm**

***

## Febuary 23 2023 ## 

**Begin 1:30 pm**

Attendance: Charlie, Mark, and Jay
	
* Jay and Mark worked together for 6.5 hours.
* Charlie worked together with Mark and Jay for 3 hours.
* Progress: Made our scanner that could also track the geolocation. We made a new activity.

***

## Febuary 28, 2023 ##

**Begin: 2:30pm**

Attendance: Mohammad, Riley, Charlie, Yosri, Mark, Jay

Notes:
* Demoed the current progress of the app
* Discussed testing practices
* Watch out for Cohesion and Coupling in our software

Old business:
* Riley: Helped finish UML, set up baseline for the UI, and worked on the map UI
* Mark: Worked on scanner prototype, connecting camera with scanner, handled permissions, assisted with unit testing.
* Jay: Worked on scanning functionality and pretty much finish it. Compression for environment picture
* Moh: Created documentation for pull requests and git, connected DB
* Charlie: Worked on the UML a bit, made a monster model class, worked on the monster controller / api
* Yosri: Worked a bit to finish UML and helped with the naming system.

Reflection:
* Not enough issues being created for the things we are working on
    * Make sure branches are made for the specific issue.
* Good use of the defined coding practices 

New business:
* Riley: Work on finishing the map and then work Leaderboard UI 
* Mark: Help with map backend, work on Mockito databases, and potentially work on the profile code
* Jay: Help Riley with the Map UI
* Moh: Work on the API / communication between map and database (more specifically the in app model)
* Charlie: Work on monster UI, API, and help with the visual system.
* Yosri: Finishing the socring and visualizaiton system and work on making the naming system better
* Group: N/A

**End: 2:50pm**

***

## March 7, 2023 ##

**Begin: 3:57pm**

Attendance: Mohammad, Riley, Charlie, Yosri, Mark, Jay

Notes:
* Got everyone setup with the MAPS_API_KEY in local.properties
* Talked about UI time consumption, save it for last, if nothing to do, do UI
* Discussed Monster textures, randomized modules constructed into bitmaps for visual projection

Old business:
* Riley: Finished the map, fixed some things, created some general filtering, API key
* Mark: Worked with Jay on the submission activity, also worked permissions. Github organization, did javadocs
* Jay: Worked on more functionality for the submission activity, working on compression and types
* Moh: Research and development
* Charlie: Worked a bit on the Monster controller and API, and visual system.
* Yosri: Finished the scorring system and is worked on the visual system. Planned other systems

Reflection:
* Working on a wide variety of tasks instead of specific focused tasks

New business:
* Riley: Going to do the leaderboard frontend and possibly work on all the functionality.
* Mark: Going to work with Jay on submission, also going to help with UI both conversion and design changes.
* Jay: Going to keep working on the submission activity.
* Moh: Working on backend, controller creation, relations, tables, CRUD
* Charlie: Get the visual system done, working on comments for monsters UI for monster viewing.
* Yosri: Finish the systems and controllers and work on User class
* Group: N/A

**End: 4:27pm**

***

## March 14, 2023 ##

**Begin: 3:00pm**

Attendance: Mohammad, Riley, Charlie, Yosri, Mark, Jay

Notes:
* Preparing for demo
    * This weeks work is primarily demo and cleanup
    * Discussing the bugs we need to know
    * Did some thorough testing
* Discussed general work that was done
* Explored Mockito options
* Discussed better version control habits than what we have been doing

Old business:
* Riley: Fixed and semi finished the leaderboard and map, completely redesigned and made the UML, creating testing and docs, for all the classes he created
* Mark: Did intent testing for most of the classes, created some unit tests, added docs to everything, helped on submission activity, compression for Jays part, helped Yosri with database stuff, helped with UML
* Jay: Worked on submission activity, connected to DB, got Monster creation finished. Attempted some camera testing but found various issues with that.
* Moh: Worked on User and Monster controllers, fixed asynchronous data requests issue. Researched CURD and database interaction, helped with javadoc
* Charlie: Completed a basic visual system, worked on the submission activity. Created the view monster fragment for future work.
* Yosri: Worked on User and Monster class (comments, tests), connected profile fragment to the user inclduing login functions, worked on database fixes.

Reflection:
* Do not leave lots of work for the last moment
* Prioritize all interacting functionalities first
* Try and meet in person for Group Work
* Work on better commits for git, better PR reviews.
* One person works on Gradle at once (most important file)

New business:
* Riley: Going to try and finish the leaderboard functionalities and hook it up to the database
* Mark: If we go through the Mockito route, write new tests, buff the testing for all classes, refactor classes that may be too big. Help wherever is needed
* Jay: Do some finishing touches on submission activity, write tests cases, comments class
* Moh: Fix the backend controller code (CRUD), finish the connection between Monster and User. Helping all around
* Charlie: Continue working on the visual system, beef it up, adding comments to the MonsterViewFragment class, integrating monster view fragment.
* Yosri: Finish up the profile fragment, connect it to the monster view
* Group: Efficiency

**End: 4:17pm**

*** 

## March 21, 2023 ##

**Begin: 3:45pm**

Attendance: Mohammad, Riley, Charlie, Yosri, Mark, Jay

Notes:
* Went over current app status
* Discussed issues for the week
* Code and documentation responsibilities
* Tone down some features, remove others.

Old business:
* Riley: Worked on the map search, adjusted UML to reflect changes, bug fixed
* Mark: Refactored some of the tests, added time clauses for different device testing
* Jay: Coordinated Monster submission with Moh, created comment class, tried to link user and monster on the front end
* Moh: Created the Monster and User relationship, bug fixed, adjusted controller and db
* Charlie: Worked to improve the visual system
* Yosri: Worked with Jay fixing the submission page, discussed database issues and future plans with Moh

Reflection:
* Better pull request information for the reviewer
* Better review of the pull request so that unintentional code changes aren't merged

New business:
* Riley: Going to be working mainly on the leaderboard, tackling the different views to get more user stories done. Establishing real backend connection with users and monsters
* Mark: Refactoring of the submission activity, write tests for the submission activity.
* Jay: Add more javadovs to the submission activity, learn some ways to add new comments. Wants to do something pretty
* Moh: Add locationEnabled to the Monster and controller, working on backend for comments. 
* Charlie: Working on the visual system, get the comments working on the view monster fragment. Put it into place!
* Yosri: Finish the profile fragment, connected with monster fragment, showing the list of scanned monsters. Functionality for removing a monster.
* Group: DOCS!

**End: 4:05pm**

***

## March 28, 2023 ##

**Begin: 2:45pm**

Attendance: Mohammad, Riley, Charlie, Yosri, Mark, Jay

Notes:
* Talked about the Deployment target dropdown file messing up builds and getting pushed accidentally
* Discussed division of remaining user stories

Old business:
* Riley: Worked on the leaderboard, added the Monster filter, added the functionality to click on User and working on Monster implementation. Made user and Monster parcelable for fragment data transfer
* Mark: Helped Charlie and Jay do the dialog fragment for the comment functionality, including class, logic, confirmation. Set up the tests to properly work using a mock user, worked on github action
* Jay: Worked with mark and charlie on the comment functionality, doing some front end touch ups now, made an app logo. Vectorized logo
* Moh: Worked on the comment controller, and database stuff including fixing issues, reviewed pull requests.
* Charlie: Worked on monster fragment including comment class and the visual system.
* Yosri: Worked on the profile page adding the list and the UI, added the search functionality for the monsters.

Reflection:
* Bad pushes including files that shouldnt be there

New business:
* Riley: Completely finish leaderboard including all related user stories and functionalities, kill all bugs, also finish the map and clean it up for proper functionality. IF time permits, assign rankings to the monsters. Also implement clicking on a monster on the map.
* Mark: Work on developing Unit tests for the majoriyt of the App, also edit the intent testings using a try and except.
* Jay: Setup the emulator to use the laptop camera for testing. Assist with comments if needed. Continue working on front end, also update UML
* Moh: Write tests for controller classes, make sure documentation is up to standard. Bug fix.
* Charlie: Complete the monster fragment after comment controller is done. Finish the visual system.
* Yosri: Finish the profile fragment, add delete functionality. Work on the wiki, to update and finish deliverables.
* Group: General documentation, testing and deliverable checks.

**End: 3:10pm**

***